perf(prometheus): udpate the prometheus dep vsn (#10941)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/perf-10941.en.md

Improve the collection speed of Prometheus metrics when setting
`prometheus.vm_dist_collector=disabled` and

> rename `erlang_vm_statistics_run_queues_length_total` to `erlang_vm_statistics_run_queues_length`

Reviewer: update apps/emqx_prometheus/grafana_template/ErlangVM.json ?

> rename `erlang_vm_statistics_run_queues_length_total` to `erlang_vm_statistics_run_queues_length`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metric `erlang_vm_statistics_run_queues_length_total` is renamed to `erlang_vm_statistics_run_queues_length`
```
